[NARRATOR] Previously,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai,
Goku made plans to use Shenron's
last wish to revive West City.
Even if that wish does work
we'll still have to
find the Dragon Balls first.
And I left my Dragon Radar
back home at the lab.
Trunks. You should go.
Fly back to your house as fast
as you can and get that Radar.
You can find it
in your mom's lab, right?
I'll distract Buu so he
doesn't destroy West City
before you've got it.
[BABIDI yells]
Hey.
Here it goes!
[bellows]
[NARRATOR] To stop Majin Buu
in his tracks, Goku has
pushed himself to unbelievable
new heights of power,
and he's ready to fight
at Super Saiyan Three--now!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[NARRATOR]
[TRUNKS]
I'm home!
He made it.
Trunks got home safely.
Oh, good! Now he can
grab the Dragon Radar
and bring it back to us.
Thatta boy, Trunks!
[TRUNKS]
Hey, Grandpa!
[BRIEFS] Oooh!
Good to see you, my boy.
Welcome home.
[BULMA'S MOM]
What a delightful surprise.
Well, you're just in time.
There's a fresh pot of tea.
I'll go grab you a cup.
This is no time
to be sipping tea!
Okay. Well, if you're
not in the mood for tea
I can get you a glass
of milk instead.
Or some hot cocoa?
No, Grandma,
you're missing the point!
Oh, all right. Let me think,
we must have something
that you'd like to drink.
What about juice?
Or maybe some iced coffee?
Not now, Grandma. I need
to find the Dragon Radar
right away!
Do you know where it is?
[BRIEFS]
Hmm. The Dragon Radar, huh?
[TRUNKS]
Mhmm!
Ah... Let's see.
Where is the Dragon Radar?
As I recall...
Come on, hurry!
We're running outta time!
--[GOKU grunts]
--[BUU groans]
Buu!
[BUU hollers]
Majin Buu!
What's come over you?
Fight back!
[BUU hollers]
Oh, yeah! Dad's got
this one in the bag!
Maybe not.
Huh?
While it's true
your father's channeling
a power level greater than
anything we've ever seen,
I'm afraid it still
may not be enough
for him to overcome
this terror we're facing.
So, you're saying
that's how strong
this Majin Buu really is?
Yes.
[GOTEN gasps]
Don't just take that! Fight!
[BUU hollers]
[yells]
[BABIDI]
Aah! Buu, no!
[BUU grunts]
[chuckles]
[BABIDI laughs]
That's my Buu!
[GOKU] There's barely
a scratch on him.
[BUU]
Mmmm, ah!
[GOKU]
Hey, that's Vegeta's move!
[BUU laughs]
[BABIDI hollers]
[snarls]
[GOKU] Why, you sneaky
little bastard.
You must be able to mimic
your opponent's skills
after doing battle with them.
[BABIDI]
What are you waiting for?
Hurry up and dispose of this
creep so we can move on!
[BUU grunts]
[GOKU chuckles]
Aaah...
Goku. That's enough now.
Quit playing around
and wrap it up.
You're burning through energy
like it's going out of style!
If you keep this up, you won't
have any time left on Earth!
And don't forget,
you still have to
teach the little ones Fusion!
[BUU yells]
You know,
for a goody-goody,
you not fight so bad.
Heh. Not bad yourself.
Hey! Majin Buu! What are
you dillydallying for?
[BUU grunts]
[BABIDI] Put some pep in your
step and take out this trash!
--[BUU] Shut up!
--[BABIDI] What?
What did you just say? How dare
you speak to me like that?
I am your master!
Show me some respect!
Hey, are you even
listening to me, Buu?
[GOKU] That's strange. Trunks
still hasn't left the lab yet.
Yo, Trunks! What's the hold-up?
We're kind of in a rush!
[BABIDI]
Mmm. Did you say Trunks?
[chuckles] So you know how
to get in touch with that
meddlesome little twerp,
Trunks, do you?
Hey. Buu! Give this
interloper the thrashing
of his life until he
begs for mercy and tells us
where the boy is hiding out!
[BUU growls]
[GOKU grunts]
Guess I'll just have to
buy Trunks some more time.
[TRUNKS grunts]
It's not here! I can't find
the Dragon Radar anywhere!
[BRIEFS]
Hmm. Now where would it be?
Well boys, why don't we
take a short break
and have a nice little snack?
That'll give you
the energy you need
to find what you're looking for.
I keep telling you,
there's no time for that!
We've gotta find it fast
before West City
is totally wiped out!
If we don't, the Dragon
Radar will be destroyed
and we'll have no way
of bringing everybody back
who's been killed by Buu!
Oh, my. That's quite
a pickle for sure!
[yells]
[BUU]
Buu!
Buu! Stop acting
like a punching bag!
[BUU grunts]
[BABIDI yells]
[GOKU yells]
[laughs]
[BUU chuckles]
Yes, Buu, keep it up!
That's the way!
Squeeze that golden-haired
pest till he tells us
where to find that brat!
Oh, no!
You've got this, Dad!
He's gonna be all right.
It'll take a lot more
than that to do Goku in.
[BABIDI]
Let's go, Buu, let's go!
Let's go, Buu!
[screams]
[GOKU yells]
[yells]
What was that?
[GOKU]
Hm!
Nice one, Goku!
Hang in there, Dad!
Stay strong!
So that's what he can do?
He's redefining our
whole conception of power.
Super Saiyan Three
is a level of strength
I couldn't imagine before.
[BUU inhales, chuckles]
[BABIDI]
Yeah! That's it! Go Buu!
[BUU]
Haa!
Oh, good grief!
[GOKU] Still no sign
of movement from Trunks.
What's taking so much time?
Oh, well. I've got
no choice but to
stall this beast
a little while longer.
[TRUNKS] We've looked everywhere
and we can't find it!
Man, where could it be?
[BRIEFS] It's gotta be
around here somewhere.
We'll find it.
[BUU]
Ooh!
[grunts]
[yells]
[growls]
[BABIDI]
Hey, you! What gives?
Are you really
gonna turn tail and run,
you big scaredy-cat?
Gonna crawl home
and cry to mommy?
[BABIDI growls]
[BUU grunts]
[yells]
[GOKU groans]
--Yes! Great work, Buu!
--Ooh, ooh, ooh!
I believe in you, Dad!
Don't give up now!
[PICCOLO]
Tough it out, Goku.
[BULMA]
Please stop him.
[BUU hollers cheerfully]
[laughs]
This guy's good.
After all this
I've still underestimated
the depth of his power.
[TRUNKS wails]
No...!
It's not over here!
It's not over there!
It's not anywhere!
Oh, now I remember.
You remember what?
Where the Dragon Radar is
and I'm afraid Trunks is never
gonna find it on his own.
Yeah. Pretty sure
I must've left it
somewhere on the airplane
we were in earlier,
you know, when we were hunting
for the Dragon Balls?
[ALL gasp]
[KRILLIN] Is there any chance
Trunks might look there?
I highly doubt it.
So you mean he's been
searching for the darn thing
in all the wrong places
the whole time?
No wonder it's
taking him so long.
We have to get in touch
with Trunks at once
and let him know where it is!
Krillin, fetch a phone
so we can call the boy!
Uh, I'd love to,
but look around.
There is a definite lack
of phones in this place.
[VIDEL] Oh, well, you guys
could always use mine.
Whoa, really?
As a volunteer crime-fighter
and champion of justice,
I keep my phone
on me at all times
in case there's
an emergency. Here you go.
Awesome!
This is an emergency
if ever there was one, right?
Oh! That's a real
game-changer with a capital "G"!
[ROSHI groans]
[phone ringing]
Oh, hello, Bulma.
So nice to hear from you.
How's everything going?
Just fine, Mom. Can you
please put Trunks on for me?
You wanna speak to Trunks?
Just a minute, dear.
Trunks, sweetie, telephone.
[TRUNKS] I don't have time for
that! Tell 'em to call back!
He says he doesn't have time
to come to the phone presently.
Well, guess what? I don't
have time to waste either!
Now hurry up and
put him on the phone!
[BUU]
Bye-bye!
You really got him that time!
[GOKU yells]
Goku, please.
Enough of these stall tactics!
You have to bring this fight
to a conclusion soon!
For goodness sake,
if you use up any more
of your energy, you're going
to completely run out
of the time
you have left on Earth!
[BUU hollers cheerfully]
Ha-ha-haaa!
Buu ready! Go again!
[GOKU grunts]
[BUU grunts]
[chuckles, grunts]
[yells]
[BABIDI yells]
What the heck was that?
Where'd that come from?
How did he do that?
[TRUNKS]
Huh? Inside the airplane?
Okay, lemme go check!
Of course,
it's in the airplane!
Wait! Does our house have an
airport I don't know about?
A plane. A plane?
Oh, the plane?
That what your lookin' for?
The plane's right in here.
[GOKU panting]
[BABIDI gasping]
Are you all right?
Say something, Buu!
--[BUU chuckles]
--[GOKU] Hm?
[BABIDI laughs]
Majin Buu!
You're alive, you're alive!
Thank goodness, you're alive!
[BUU chuckles]
[GOKU]
Can't be!
A Kamehame-Ha?
[BUU yells]
[GOKU grunts]
[screams]
[yells]
[GOKU]
Damn it.
[ROSHI] If it's shakin'
this bad up here,
I don't even wanna imagine
what it's like down there!
[GOHAN] Amazing.
That is some epic battle.
As far removed as I am,
I can still feel
everything that's happening.
Listen. You should know
it's extremely unlikely
that Goku will win this fight.
Unfortunately, that's how
strong Majin Buu is.
Our best hope of defeating
this formidable threat
literally rests
in your hands, Gohan.
Which is why
we're counting on you
to master
the legendary Z Sword.
I understand.
[grunts, gasps]
[chuckles]
Not exactly the easiest
thing to lift, is it?
Are you sure about this, sir?
For generations,
not even the Supreme Kais
have been capable of wielding
this hallowed blade.
[GOHAN grunting]
[BUU laughs]
Hey, be a little more
careful next time!
That ball of energy
you swatted my way
just missed me, you imbecile!
[laughs] Though I can't
stay too mad at you,
seeing as how that blast
probably decimated about
ten percent of the earth
in one shot!
Some big hero you are,
letting that happen! Haa!
Buu. I gotta hand it to you.
You caught me off guard.
You may look, talk, and even
act like a simple creature,
but you're really a genius.
Just by watching
your opponents' attacks,
you can master them
almost instantly.
Who, me?
[BRIEFS] Not to worry.
The plane is stored
safely inside
this little capsule here.
[electric motor hums]
[BRIEFS]
Beats building a hangar.
[TRUNKS]
Okay. Uuuh...
Hey, Mom was right--I found it!
Oh, how wonderful!
Good for you, sweetie.
You must be starving
after that. Come have a nosh.
How many ways
do I have to say it?
There's no time!
I gotta run! Bye!
Aww. What's the point of
having the cute grandkids
if you can't even
spoil 'em rotten?
[GOKU grunts]
[GOKU] Trunks' energy
is on the move again.
He's leaving West City,
which means he must've
finally found the Radar.
And that means
my work here is done.
Time to end this show.
[BOTH]
Huh?
Hey! Why you
turn back normal now?
Buu like you.
You fun to fight with.
We fight more now!
I'm honored
to hear you say that, Buu.
But sadly, I don't have
a lotta time left.
As much as I'd like
to keep fighting,
we need a way
to stop you for good.
And that means
that I've gotta go.
[laughs]
You stupid fool!
Do you honestly think
you're going to
make it out of here alive?
Majin Buu, please show our
friend just how wrong he is!
[BUU]
Buu!
[hollers cheerfully]
After you get this
obnoxious busybody
out of the way, we'll head
straight for West City
and wipe that
stinking town off the map!
We'll kill everyone!
And then those punks
will have no choice
but to come forward
and face us like men.
Listen to me, Babidi.
All of those guys
that you're looking for--
Piccolo, Trunks, and Goten--
they'll show themselves,
in three--no, in two days.
They'll be ready in two days.
[BUU]
Huh?
[GOKU] But until then, I need
you to lay off the destruction.
No more killing
innocent people, okay?
Just two days.
That's all I'm asking.
Can you gimme that?
[BUU]
Uuuh...
They be more strong like you?
Much stronger.
[BUU]
Hm-hmmm!
[laughs]
What makes you think I'd have
any interest in negotiating?
In fact, I think we'll go
and kill even more people
just to spite you!
Well, that's too bad.
I bet an epic battle with three
top-of-their-game fighters
would've been a lot
of fun for Majin Buu.
Oh, and by the way, Babidi...
When you get to hell--
which, believe me,
is gonna be
sooner than you think--
King Yemma will make you suffer.
Goodbye.
[BABIDI]
Aah!
He just--He just vanished!
[BUU]
Huh.
What? What was that guy?
And what exactly was he doing
here in the first place?
This is all your fault, Buu!
You let him get away!
Because you were too busy
dawdling around to kill him!
You inept ignoramus!
He can't have gotten too far.
He must be around here!
So, don't just sit there
like a lump;
go out and look for him!
Hey, did you hear
what I said, bozo?
Come on, now!
Go on, get moving
already, fatty!
[BUU grunts]
Aaah!
Guess what, Babidi?
What? What is it?
Buu have a good idea just now.
Really, a goofball
like you has a good idea?
Somehow I seriously doubt that.
But hurry up and tell it to me
anyway so we can move on.
All right now.
Listen real close.
Come on, spit it out!
The sooner you do,
the sooner you can
hunt down that trickster!
[BUU chuckles]
[BABIDI gasps]
[chuckles]
[BABIDI groans, gasps]
Hmmm. Babidi no can speak now.
So no can say
magic spell to seal Buu
in big icky ball again, can he?
[BABIDI gasping for air]
Buu learn lots and lots
from you, Babidi.
But now, Buu no
need you no more.
Buu done with mean old wizard.
[BABIDI panting]
[BUU chuckles]
You die, dummy!
[BABIDI screams, mufffled]
[BABIDI groans]
[NARRATOR] At last, Majin Buu
has turned against Babidi
and is out from under
the wizard's gnarled thumb.
What will Buu do
with his newfound freedom?
The possibilities are
endless and terrifying--
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU]
Hey! It's me, Goku!
I don't know how, but Majin
Buu's even more out of control
now than he was before.
Goten! Trunks!
I'm about to teach you
the Fusion Pose,
so pay close attention!
[TRUNKS] We have to do that?
Looks pretty embarrassing.
I don't wanna do something
that'll make me look silly!
[GOKU] Next time,
on Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOHAN]
If those two fuse together,
I can't even imagine
what that's gonna look like.